DataGrid: add Custom keyboard navigation topic (#5573)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/70 Custom Keyboard Navigation/10 Focus Cells Programatically.md

> You can use the following methods to focus a specific cell:

Reviewer: Does the word "specific" adds anything of value in this scenario? That is, I mean if it means anything else than just "a cell"?

```suggestion
You can call the following methods to focus a cell:
```

Author: Not really. I just wanted to emphasize that it's the cell that a customer chooses.

Reviewer: Well, that could have been any cell, and we cannot narrow it down any further, like "target cell" because we speak of a hypothetical method call that haven't occurred in reality just yet. In theory, we could have said "any required cell". 

However, this would have meant the same as "any cell" or just "a cell" in the end.

- [focus](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Methods/#focuselement)     

> Allows you to set focus on a cell. You can use the [getCellElement](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Methods/#getCellElementrowIndex_dataField) method to get elements of required cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to move focus to a cell. You can call the [getCellElement](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Methods/#getCellElementrowIndex_dataField) method to get elements of required cells.
```

P.S. What connection the mentioned getCellElement method has with the focus movement scenario we describe?

Author: You call getCellElement to get a cell container so you can then call focus.
Like
`const cell = e.getCellElement();
focus(cell);`

Reviewer: Is it a mandatory or optional step? If it's optional, then this wording is probably fine as it is. Otherwise, we should state that one should call the mentioned methods in conjunction in order to achieve the desired result.

From what I gather, judging from your example, this is a mandatory step. Therefore, you first obtain this object/entity named "cell" whatever it is -- and then you pass it to the `focus` method as a parameter. Shouldn't we explain things here exactly as they are?

Author: I updated this part

> Allows you to move focus to a cell. Call the [getCellElement](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Methods/#getCellElementrowIndex_dataField) method to obtain cell container. Then, use the cell container as an argument in the **focus** method.

Reviewer: Please note that the noun "container" is countable. Therefore, it requires an article.

```suggestion
Allows you to move focus to a cell. Call the [getCellElement](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Methods/#getCellElementrowIndex_dataField) method to obtain a cell container. Then, pass the container to the **focus** method as an argument to focus the target cell.
```

- [editCell](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Methods/#editCellrowIndex_dataField)     

> Switches a cell to the editing state and moves the focus to this cell.

Reviewer: The word "focus" requires no article. You can say it's abstract, uncountable. Therefore, just "moves focus":

```suggestion
Switches a cell to the editing state and moves focus to this cell.
```

P.S. I'm unsure about the action order here. I would have expected that the target cell accepts focus first and only then switches to the editing state. However, this fact can be completely unimportant in the current context.

Author: It doesn't matter much here since it happens almost simultaneously. Once you call this method, the cell is both in editing state and focused.

Reviewer: OK. I see. In this case, I believe we should stick to the last version and be done with it.

> Switches a cell to the editing state and moves focus to this cell.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Switches a cell to the edit state and moves focus to this cell.
```
